README.md, before:

# ProxyPal

A desktop app that lets you use your AI subscriptions (Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini) with any coding tool. Wraps [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/nexon33/CLIProxyAPI) with a clean UI for managing connections and tracking usage.

## Features

- **One-click OAuth** - Connect Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, and more
- **Works with any tool** - Cursor, Windsurf, Continue, Claude Code, OpenCode, etc.
- **Track savings** - See how much you're saving vs API costs
- **Request history** - Monitor all AI requests through the proxy
- **Auto-configure** - Detects installed CLI agents and configures them automatically

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Architecture          | Status |
| -------- | --------------------- | ------ |
| macOS    | Apple Silicon (ARM64) | ✅     |
| macOS    | Intel (x64)           | ✅     |
| Windows  | x64                   | ✅     |
| Linux    | x64 (.deb)            | ✅     |

## Quick Start

1. Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/heyhuynhgiabuu/proxypal/releases)
2. Start the proxy (toggle in header)
3. Connect your AI account(s)
4. Configure your coding tool to use `http://localhost:9090/v1`

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run in development
pnpm tauri dev

# Build for production
pnpm tauri build
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SolidJS + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Rust + Tauri v2
- **Proxy**: CLIProxyAPI (bundled)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

fix: improve LogViewer performance and distinct icons
- Track prevRunning state to only load logs on actual state change
- Increase auto-refresh interval from 10s to 30s
- Auto-refresh OFF by default to reduce resource usage
- Use play/pause icons for auto-refresh toggle (clearer UX)
- Manual refresh button spins while loading
- Update README to document Copilot support

README.md, after:

# ProxyPal

A desktop app that lets you use your AI subscriptions (Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, GitHub Copilot) with any coding tool. Wraps [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/nexon33/CLIProxyAPI) with a clean UI for managing connections and tracking usage.

## Features

- **One-click OAuth** - Connect Claude, ChatGPT, Gemini, GitHub Copilot, and more
- **Works with any tool** - Cursor, Windsurf, Continue, Claude Code, OpenCode, etc.
- **Copilot proxy support** - Built-in bridge for GitHub Copilot APIs not available in CLIProxyAPI
- **Track savings** - See how much you're saving vs API costs
- **Request history** - Monitor all AI requests through the proxy
- **Auto-configure** - Detects installed CLI agents and configures them automatically

## Supported Platforms

| Platform | Architecture          | Status |
| -------- | --------------------- | ------ |
| macOS    | Apple Silicon (ARM64) | ✅     |
| macOS    | Intel (x64)           | ✅     |
| Windows  | x64                   | ✅     |
| Linux    | x64 (.deb)            | ✅     |

## Quick Start

1. Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/heyhuynhgiabuu/proxypal/releases)
2. Start the proxy (toggle in header)
3. Connect your AI account(s)
4. Configure your coding tool to use `http://localhost:9090/v1`

## Development

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run in development
pnpm tauri dev

# Build for production
pnpm tauri build
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SolidJS + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Backend**: Rust + Tauri v2
- **Proxy**: CLIProxyAPI (bundled)

## License

MIT
